COLLISION AND PHYSICS

Lift
Lifts move boxes, carriers, trucks, floaters, and players up or down.
Trucks and players can ride lifts.
When attempting to move a blocked carrier or truck, the lift will halt.
If attempting to move a blocked player, it will crouch the player.
If attempt to move a blocked and crouched player, it will hurt the player.
It attempt to move a blocked floater, the floater is destroyed.
Ignores tiles
When attacked, gets a shortlived decent upward velocity. (2 tiles)

Carrier
Players can ride Carriers.
Carriers push players and floaters.
If attempting to move a blocked player, it will crouch the player.
If attempt to move a blocked and crouched player, it will halt.
IF attempt to move a blocked floater, it will halt.
Carriers are moved up and down by lifts
Movement blocked by tiles.
When attacked, gets a decent upward velocity and a decent horizontal velocity. (3/3 tiles)
Blocked by turret bodies.

Truck
Players can ride trucks.
Trucks fall when unsupported.
Trucks can push players and floaters.
A truck moving a player up or down hurts them and knocks them back, with direction based on wich side of the truck the player is most towards.
A truck attempting to move a blocked player horizontally halts.
A truck moving a blocked floater destroys it.
Trucks are move up and down by lifts.
Paused trucks will not crouch players, but will prevent them from standing
When attacked, gets a decent horizontal velocity. (3 tiles)
Blocked by turret bodies.

Floater
Players can ride floaters.
Pushed by lifts, carriers, and trucks.
Pushed by players from behind.
Destroyed by lifts moving in a blocked direction.
Destroyed by trucks moving in a blocked direction.
Knocked back very far by attacks (7/7 tiles)
When touching a player from the front or bottom, it hurts them.
While being ridden, falls slowly.
Movement blocked by tiles.
Blocked by turret bodies.

Turret
Body blocks players, trucks, carriers, floaters.
Pushes players, trucks, carriers, floaters up.
When attacked, spins around and changes facing.

Big Blast
Destroyed on impact with Player, Lift, Truck, Carrier, Floater, while attacking them
When destroyed, generates a little blast that travels in the opposite direction

Little Blast
Destroyed on impact with Player, Lift, Truck, Carrier, Floater, while attacking them

Attack

Player




OPTIONAL
---------
Box/Barrel
Boxs fall when unsupported.
A box falling on a player hurts them and knocks them back, with direction based on which side of the barrel falls over the player's center.
Boxes can be pushed left or right by Players (half speed) and Trucks(full speed).
Boxes falling on a truck or lift will stop falling and ride the object they fell into.
Boxes block the movement of floaters.
Boxes falling a floater pushes them down until they are blocked.
Boxes falling on a blocked floater destroy it.
Attacked boxes slide back 3 units.



