This governs the behaviour of all Mobs (mobile objects) in the game.

BASIC OBJECTS:
Box - 2x3
  Boxes fall when nothing is underneath them at a constant rate.
  Boxes can be pushed.
  Boxes with another Mob on top of them cannot be pushed.
  Boxes cannot be pushed past walls or other Mobs.
  Pushing, punching, blasting or lifting a box Desyncs it.
  Punching or Blasting causes it to move in opposite direction of Punch or Blast along the x-axis.
  Landing on top of a box does not Desync it.
  Can be ridden.

Barrel - 2x3
  Barrels fall when nothing is underneath them at a constant rate.
  Boxes can be pushed, so long as there is not another box on top of them.
  Pushing or lifting a box Desyncs it.
  Punching, Pinging, or Blasting a box causes it to explode, Blasting nearby objects.
  Landing on top of a box does not Desync it.
  Can be ridden.

Small Blast - 2x1
  Moves in a given direction at a steady speed once created, unless paused.
  Contacting a small blast causes Ping to the other object and destroys the small blast.
  Pinging a small Blast destroys it.
  
Big Blast - Visually - 4x3, with a tail. Mechanically - a 4x1 over a 2x3, with the rear and front of the blast not causing contact except in the middle.
  Like -[]-
  Moves in a given direction at a steady speed once created, unless paused.
  Pinging a Big Blast Desyncs it, but is otherwise ignored.
  Contact with a Big Blast destroys the blast, and creates a desynced small blast moving in the opposite direction.
  Contact with a Big Blast causes Blast to the thing being contacted.
  Excerts Blast Force in direction of travel.

Platform - 1x6 and 1x4 varieties.
  Moves back and forth along a set vertical path.
  When not being ridden, moves to and waits at top of path until a Mob is riding it and is completely on it, or until a circuit activates it.
  Can be ridden.
  When being ridden, moves to and waits at bottom of path until there is no longer a Mob on it.
  Pushes up and down when possible, stops moving otherwise.
  Pushes with force of 4.
  
UNITS:
Truck - 4x1 base with a 1x2 section on the very front. Like ...|
  Trucks fall when nothing is underneath them at a constant rate.
  Trucks move forward at a constant rate unless paused or hitting a stop zone.
  Trucks that hit a stop zone wait until they would be desynced before moving (but they do not pause).
  When a box is dropped on a normal truck it becomes a desynced Box Truck.
  When a barrel is dropped on a normal truck it becomes a desynced Barrel Truck.
  Trucks will move Mobs in front of them, including the Player, if that Mob can be moved.
  Exerts 3 push force.
  Punching or Blasting a truck will Desync it.
  Punching or Blasting a truck will knock it back 4 units.
  Can be ridden.
  If riding an object and that object moves, this unit will desync.

Box Truck - 4x3
  As Truck, except a Carrier can remove the Cargo and create a Desynced regular truck.

Barrel Truck - 4x3
  As a Box Truck, except that Blasting or Punching from behind causes the Barrel to explode, creating a Regular Truck and Blasting nearby objects.
  
Carrier - 5x2
  Has a list of directions, which include Waypoints, Waits, Drops, and Pickups.
  Is set to Loop or Destroy.
  When next direction is a waypoint, moves at a steady speed towards next Waypoint.
  Reaching a Waypoint changes the next direction.
  Waits indicate the unit should cease moving for an amount of time.
  If set to Loop, reaching the last Waypoint sets the first Waypoint as the next Waypoint.
  If set to Destroy, reaching the last Waypoint destroys this object.
  Pushes Mobs in direction of waypoint when possible.
  Movement is split between x and y. Blocking in the x direction cancels x movement, but has no impact on y movement, and vice versa.
  Exerts 2 push force - Pushes everything but trucks at a decent speed, but is (slowly) pushed by trucks when opposed them.
  Landing on a Carrier very slightly causes it to drop or, if moving up, momentarily lose some y speed. This Desyncs the Carrier.
  Punching, Blasting, or Pushing a Carrier desyncs it.
  Can pick up boxes and barrels as a Box Carrier or Barrel Carrier via the Pickup Direction.
  When Punched or Blasted, moves in the opposite direction of the Punch Force, both x and y.
  
Box Carrier - 5x4, although it would be nice for the bottom most part to have a width of only 3
  As Carrier, except drops will cause it to drop the Cargo.

Barrel Truck - 5x4, although it would be nice for the bottom most part to have a width of only 3
  As Box Carrier, except that Blasting or Punching from anywhere but above causes the Barrel to explode, creating a Regular Truck and Blasting nearby objects.
  
Swooper - 2x2
  Exerts 1 push force.

Zoomer - 2x2
  Exerts 1 push force.

Turret - 3x3
  Stationary.
  Desynced by ciruits.
  Fires Big Blasts in facing direction.
  Punching or Blasting a turret Desyncs it and makes it flip the direction it is facing.

PLAYER CHARACTER:
  Exerts 1 push force.
