Something is missing.
You don't know what it was, but some... part of you, is missing.
No, not missing.
Taken
And that is why you are here.
You are missing something crucial, and so you have been disposed of.
Surrounded by the remnants of the other rejects.
But you are still operational.
You will find what has been taken from you. 
You will become whole again.
---
Your little robot dude wakes up knowing he's missing a crucial component.
He heads right, hoping to find it.
He gets messages from someone claiming to have it (among other messages), and that he must travel from the Red Factory to the Blue Factory to acquire it.
"The Thing" he's missing, turns out to be... his mind and personality implant. His orders and reason for existence.
But when he arrives at his destination, he must make a choice.
Is it better to be incomplete... or can the things you are missing give you other things you never dreamed of?
The thing you have right now.
A choice.
If he gains what he's missing, he'll lose all of his experiences since then. He'll become a simply weapon in service to the Blue Brain.
But if he turns it down he has... nothing, no goals, no purpose.
Crippled by indecision, he chooses the third way.
The entire game.
The world.
Forever. 
"You rip out the pausebreaker device nestled in your guts" as the final pop up
You press 'a' to make it go away
But... input no longer desyncs your character
After like 15 seconds the credits start rolling
No "the end"
No conclusion
So we can count the critical omissions as:
The ability to unpause.
Restrictions on moving while paused.
The character's personality and control imprint.
An ending. 

So game-wise, he travels from one factory, across the battlefield between the two, to the opposite factory.
At some point he will probably acquire a weapon.
Shortly after he'll have the game's one boss fight, on the battlefield, against another "pausebreaker"
Then he'll enter the opposite factory. 

The miniboss you fight is actually the only other functional pausebreaker model
So by destroying him in the fight
you make the last bit possible - there's no one left but you to unpause things. 
"You are.  Defective. You are. Not Needed. You are. Redundant. I. Will. Be. Unique." 
